Feature 

Headline - Best street food to indulge in Delhi
 
Street food is winning all over the world. People love indulging in lip smacking food that’s not very hard on their pockets!
When it comes to India, Delhi is the king of appetizing street snacks. Here are some of the best street snacks to relish when in Delhi.

Chhole Bhature– Delhi’s best street food is Chhole Bhature. Spicy Chhole, stuffed Bhaturas with that green chutney and special pickled salad, a plate of these is enough to make your day.
Although one can find at least one cart of Chhole Bhature in every street of Delhi, if you want to enjoy the best quality, you should surely visit SitaRam Diwan Chand, in Paharganj, Chandni Chowk, Lajpat Nagar and Sadar Bazaar.

Kebab– If you’re someone who likes non-vegetarian food too then don’t forget to have mouth melting kebabs in Delhi whenever you visit.
From Karori kebab to Galouti Kebab you’ll find everything here!
The Streets of Jama masjid are the only place to find the best kebabs in Delhi!

Golgappe– Every age group’s favorite street snack is here! Crunchy balls filled with flavourful boiled potatoes, chickpeas, that spicy Jal-jeera and sweet & sour tamarind chutney’s combination makes it the most loved street food ever.
Delhi’s Golgappe are far better than Mumbai’s Pani Puri and Kolkata’s Puchke and there’s absolutely no question about it!
Although you can also find these at every street of Delhi but to enjoy the most amazing quality, you’ll have to visit Chandni Chowk, Lajpat Nagar or C.R. Park.

Momos– Although Momos is a Tibetan dish, it has made a special place in the hearts of people in a few years as it is tasty yet pocket friendly.
It is filled with cabbage, carrots and is made by steaming, frying or even in tandoor. And you can enjoy it with the spiciest tomato and red chilli chutney!
Veg, chicken and paneer momos are the most famous ones in Delhi. Best places to enjoy these are Dolma Aunty, Lajpat Nagar, Satya Niketan.

Rabri Falooda– After having this much spicy food you’ll need to have something in dessert too and there comes Rabri Falooda in your rescue!
It is an extreme delight to have it especially in the summer. Best place to have it is Gianni di hatti, Chandni Chowk

Whenever you visit Delhi, these few dishes should definitely be on your checklist!
Street foods are famous all over the world. Every place has its own special variety of street food. But if we talk about our country India, I believe that be it Mumbai’s Vada pav, Punjab’s Amritsari Kulche or Bihar’s Litti Chokha, every state has a unique flavour of its own. But when it comes to our capital Delhi, no other place can beat the diversity of the food served here. Since the Mughal era, Delhi has seen changes and developments in its food. From vegetarian to non-vegetarian, spicy lovers to sweet addicts, Delhi would never disappoint a foodie, it has everything for everyone! Street food is not just about food but it involves a combination of many ancient and cultural stories. From Golgappe  to Desi Chinese, Delhi has all of it too in very little price. At first, it was famous just among youth but now every age group enjoys it because of its amazing taste and pocket friendly feature.
